docs: document cluster config V1 (#444)
ObolNetwork/charon: docs/configuration.md

This document describes the configuration options for running a charon node and cluster locally or in production.

## Cluster Config Files

> Note this is for Charon V1 and extends on [DKG](dkg.md) docs. Charon V0 still uses old manifest files.

A charon cluster is configured in two steps:
- `cluster.json` which defines the cluster parameters without validator keys.
- `cluster.lock` which includes `cluster.json` and includes distributed validator keys.

The `charon create dkg` command is used to create `cluster.json` file which is used as input to `charon dkg`.

The `charon create cluster` command combines both steps into one and just outputs the final `cluster.lock` without a DKG step.

The schema of the `cluster.json` is defined as:
```json
{

>   "version": "1.0.0",                   // Schema version

Author: sure will add v prefix 👍

>   "version": "1.0.0",                   // Schema version

Author: ```suggestion
  "version": "v1.0.0",                   // Schema version
```

  "fee_recipient_address":"0x123..abfc",// ETH1 fee_recipient address
  "withdrawal_address": "0x123..abfc",  // ETH1 withdrawal address
  "algorithm": "foo_dkg_v1" ,           // Optional DKG algorithm
  "fork_version": "0x00112233",         // Fork version lock, enum of known values
  "operators": [
    {
      "address": "0x123..abfc",         // ETH1 operator identify address
      "enr": "enr://abcdef...12345",    // charon node ENR
      "signature": "123456...abcdef",   // Signature of enr by ETH1 address priv key
      "nonce": 1                        // Nonce of signature
    }
  ],
  "config_hash": "abcdef...abcedef"     // Hash of above field (except free text)
}
```

The above `cluster.json` is provided as input to the DKG which generates keys and the `cluster.lock` file.

The `cluster.lock` has the following schema:
```json
{
  "cluster_config": {...},  // Cluster json config, identical schema to above,
  "distributed_validators": [                               // Length equaled to num_validators.
    {
      "distributed_public_key":  "0x123..abfc",             // DV root pubkey
      "threshold_verifiers": [ "oA8Z...2XyT", "g1q...icu"], // length of threshold

>       "fee_recipient": "0x123..abfc"                        // Empty by default, can be edited manually

Reviewer: I would reassure people with:

`// Defaults to withdrawal address if not set, can be edited manually`

Author: ```suggestion
      "fee_recipient": "0x123..abfc"                        // Defaults to withdrawal address if not set, can be edited manually
```
